Welcome to intermediate TypeScript, I'm
Mike North, I'm a Senior Staff Engineer
at LinkedIn, and I work in the developer
productivity and happiness org.
My job is predominantly
helping make our COI and
our UI ergonomics around
developer infrastructure great.
And TypeScript is a huge part of that,
and that's why I'm a great person to
speak to you about TypeScript today.
Among the top goals that I have for
this course is,
number one,
I wanna make sure that I package and
pass onto you all of the key
learnings that I have gained
through many hours of helping guide and
tutor others around TypeScript.
So you're going to see a lot of little
pieces of code throughout this course,
that you can copy and
paste right into your own app, and
they can solve some of the common problems
that I get a lot of questions about.
By the end of this course,
I also want you to be able to understand
complicated type information.
And I'm gonna show you a sample
of where we're going to be,
by the time this course wraps up.
This may look scary right now,
but take my word for it,
we'll know how to break this down and
how to troubleshoot it, and
how to understand it, by the time we
get through intermediate TypeScript.
What should you already know by
the time you start to take this course?
Well, first,
you should have a lot of experience
working with regular JavaScript.
We're going to be making extensive use
of classes, functions, a sync await,
promises, so you should be very
comfortable working with those concepts.
You also should have equivalent
knowledge to what we cover in
the TypeScript fundamentals of V3 course.
In particular, you should be comfortable
working with basic types for
functions, objects, arrays, and tuples.
And you should have crossed
the threshold where you understand
how generics work, at least with one or
two type parameters.
And this is something we cover
in TypeScript fundamentals V3.
Finally, make sure you brush
up on index signatures,
that's going to be a very important part
of some of the more advanced topics that
we're going to cover today.
It's also worth stating that practical
experience will aid you in terms of
connecting the concepts were talking
about today, to real-world situations.
So it's helpful if you've worked in a code
base that consumes type information for
common libraries like react.
We've spent a lot of time making this
workshop as easy to use as possible.
So, all you're going to need, is this
website that we're working on today and
the official TypeScript website.
We've brought a lot of the features of
VS Code right into your browser, so
we'll be able to clearly see examples
that highlight what's going on.
And we'll be able to write our own code,
and
even write some code to pass some tests.
As of the time we're recording this
course, I have made four types of
courses for Frontend Masters, and
the way I think about them is as follows.
TypeScript fundamentals and intermediate
TypeScript are core courses, and
most of our time together is gonna
be spent in a lab environment.
The idea here is that it's easy
to teach these concepts in small
controlled examples.
And once we turn the light bulbs on, once
we understand how things work, that makes
it easier to take that knowledge and apply
it in a more practical situation, and
that's where these
electives come into play.
Production grade TypeScript and
JS TS Monorepos,
in those courses,
we build an app together step by step.
And that's where you can look for
the applied techniques and
the real world design patterns.
We assume, in those courses,
that you have already substantial
experience working with TypeScript.
And this is where you can learn to build
things for production and at scale.